Docs: Client-side feature flag querying behavior update (#5244)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/sdks/index.md

- [Unleash Client Specifications](https://github.com/Unleash/client-specification) - Used by all official SDKs to make sure they behave correctly across different language implementations. This lets us verify that a gradual rollout to 10% of the users would affect the same users regardless of which SDK you're using.
- [Client SDK overview](../client-specification) - A brief, overall guide of the _Unleash Architecture_ and important aspects of the SDK role in it all.

## Client-side SDK behavior

The following section details the behavior of frontend / client-side SDKs when initializing and fetching flags with respect to network connectivity.  

When the SDK is initialized in the application, an in memory repository is setup and synchronized against the frontent API using the configured token and context. Note that the frontend API is hosted by either the Unleash Proxy/Edge or the upstream Unleash instance directly.  

> 1. All feature flag evaluation is performed by the Proxy/Edge or Unleash instance. A payload of all enabled flags and their variants (if applicable) is returned as a single request. Disabled flags are not included.

Reviewer: I think what you have is great here, this is a very specific detail so feel free to ignore if you think what you already have is clearer

```suggestion
1. All feature flag evaluation is performed by the Proxy/Edge or Unleash instance. A payload of all enabled flags and their resolved variant (if applicable) is returned as a single request. Disabled flags are not included.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with @sighphyre here. I think that makes it clearer (as long as the reader understands what "resolved" means. But I might pluralize the word "variant" as well, turning it into "resolved variants":

```suggestion
1. All feature flag evaluation is performed by the Proxy/Edge or Unleash instance. A payload of all enabled flags and their resolved variants (if applicable) is returned as a single request. Disabled flags are not included.
```

But yeah, that's very nitpicky, and I don't know if my suggestion is better. Just wanted to put it out there 💁🏼

Reviewer: The reason I say "variants" rather than "variant" is because the response will only ever return a single variant. You can't use this to check what variants may be available, you just get the calculated single value and never a list

Reviewer 2: Yeah, no, I figured, but you might get several variants spread over different flags. Pluralizing variants does make it slightly ambiguous, maybe, but you could also misread the singular variant as something like "a set of flags can only resolve to a single variant together". Maybe less likely 💁🏼  But I'm honestly happy with either, just wanted to present a suggestion. Either way, I think adding "resolved" is a fantastic shout, so good catch there 👏🏼 👏🏼 👏🏼

Author: Thanks both! I went with Simon's suggestion since we're already pluralizing the term "flags". An individual flag may only have one resolved variant, so not pluralizing variants may have slightly less potential for misinterpretation
